cats and rabbits would reside in fancy
little houses and be dressed in shoes
and hats and trousers in the world of my
own me Tamela i'm going to show you guys
this look today and to Cheshire Cat
inspired by my silly scarves as you guys
know I really like scarves so I'm going
to show you how to do this look today
the easiest way to make them all even is
to make a line with white eyeliner sort
of outlining the shape that you would
like it to go into so now that I've made
like a little outline shape
I'm going to be using purple eyeliner in
wine from prestige and I'm going to
start making the little purple stripes
so I'm going to start in the middle
since I don't want the purple to be on
the inside since that makes your hole I
look darker i'm going to start from the
light first but i'm going to draw in the
darker first so just going to make a
line going straight down
and going to do the second one you're
going to do about like I guess like a
centimeter apart
and the last one is going to be
on me and
like so ok so I'm going to go ahead and
do the darker part first since it's
easier to cover it up a few mess up I'm
going to be using an prestige amethyst
and I'm going to be using a makeup
sponge because they're a little bit more
precise than brushes in my opinion
because I know you guys don't all have
like full brush sets so these are the
easiest to come across just going to
fill in the purple
you
and then I'm going to be using been eyes
fuchsia and I'm also going to be using
the makeup sponge for that as well
okay so now that that's finished
basically all I do is I line the I
on the bottom as well
and what I'm going to do is I'm going to
wing it out so it's like a cat you're
just going to follow the bottom line and
keep going outwards to make them even on
both sides and I'm going to use the same
technique to make the inside corner I'm
going to follow this line down
just like that and then the last step is
I made these kind of little cat
scratches here and that's really easy
i'm using liquid if you can use pencil
if you want to believe what stays a lot
longer in my opinion
so that's the basic look I hope you guys
liked it let me know if you guys have
any requests go ahead and rate comment
and subscribe thank you for watching I
keep wishing it could be that way
because my world would be